Update Feature Flag docs (#16744)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/guide/setup-feature-flag-data-collection.md

{{< /tabs >}}

### Flagsmith Integration

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "npm" %}}

1. To start collecting feature flag data, initialize the RUM SDK and configure the `enableExperimentalFeatures` initialization parameter with ` ["feature_flags"]`.

   ```javascript
   import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum';

   // Initialize Datadog Browser SDK
   datadogRum.init({
     …
     enableExperimentalFeatures: ["feature_flags"],
     …
   });
   ```

> 2. Initialize Flagsmith's SDK with the `datadogRum` option reporting feature flags evaluations to Datadog using the snippet of code shown below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Initialize Flagsmith's SDK with the `datadogRum` option, which reports feature flags evaluations to Datadog using the snippet of code shown below.
```

   Optionally, you can configure the client so that Flagsmith traits are sent to Datadog via `datadogRum.setUser()`. For more information about initializing Flagsmith's SDK, check out [Flagsmith's JavaScript SDK documentation][1].

   ```javascript
    // Initialize the Flagsmith SDK
    flagsmith.init({
        datadogRum: {
            client: datadogRum,
            trackTraits: true,
        },
        ...
    })
   ```

[1]: https://docs.flagsmith.com/clients/javascript
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "CDN async" %}}

1. To start collecting feature flag data, initialize the RUM SDK and configure the `enableExperimentalFeatures` initialization parameter with ` ["feature_flags"]`.

   ```html
   <script>
     (function(h,o,u,n,d) {
        h=h[d]=h[d]||{q:[],onReady:function(c){h.q.push(c)}}
        d=o.createElement(u);d.async=1;d.src=n
        n=o.getElementsByTagName(u)[0];n.parentNode.insertBefore(d,n)
     })(window,document,'script','https://www.datadoghq-browser-agent.com/datadog-rum-v4.js','DD_RUM')
     DD_RUM.onReady(function() {
       DD_RUM.init({
         ...
         enableExperimentalFeatures: ["feature_flags"],
         ...
       })
     })
   </script>
   ```

> 2. Initialize Flagsmith's SDK and create an inspector reporting feature flags evaluations to Datadog using the snippet of code below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Initialize Flagsmith's SDK and create an inspector that reports feature flags evaluations to Datadog using the snippet of code below.
```

    Optionally, you can configure the client so that Flagsmith traits are sent to Datadog via `datadogRum.setUser()`. For more information about initializing Flagsmith's SDK, check out [Flagsmith's JavaScript SDK documentation][1].

   ```javascript
    // Initialize the Flagsmith SDK
    flagsmith.init({
        datadogRum: {
            client: datadogRum,
            trackTraits: true,
        },
        ...
    })
   ```

[1]: https://docs.flagsmith.com/clients/javascript
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "CDN sync" %}}

1. To start collecting feature flag data, initialize the RUM SDK and configure the `enableExperimentalFeatures` initialization parameter with ` ["feature_flags"]`.

   ```html
   <script src="https://www.datadoghq-browser-agent.com/datadog-rum-v4.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
   <script>
     window.DD_RUM &&
       window.DD_RUM.init({
         ...
         enableExperimentalFeatures: ["feature_flags"],
         ...
       })
   </script>
   ```

> 2. Initialize Flagsmith's SDK and create an inspector reporting feature flags evaluations to Datadog using the snippet of code below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Initialize Flagsmith's SDK and create an inspector that reports feature flags evaluations to Datadog using the snippet of code below.
```
